# The telephone book

A collection of RimWorld modders GitHub repositories. For inspiration, or checking for incompatibilities. In no particular order.

https://github.com/erdelf - erdelf
https://github.com/spdskatr - spd
https://github.com/jecrell - jecrell
https://github.com/pardeike - brrainz
https://github.com/n-fisher - fyarn
https://github.com/AaronCRobinson - Why_is_that
https://github.com/FluffierThanThou - Fluffy
https://github.com/DingoDjango - Dingo
https://github.com/Zhentar - Zhentar
https://github.com/ZorbaTHut - ZorbaTHut
https://github.com/skullywag - Skullywag
https://github.com/skyarkhangel - skyarkhangel
https://github.com/Falconne - falconne
https://github.com/Mehni - Mehni
https://github.com/goudaQuiche  - gouda quiche
https://github.com/keenkrozzy - Keenkrozzy
https://github.com/cuproPanda - cuproPanda
https://github.com/cucumpear - cucumpear
https://github.com/jaxxa - Jaxxa/ED
https://github.com/xeonovadan - XeoNovaDan
https://github.com/NoImageAvailable - NoImageAvailable
https://github.com/UnlimitedHugs - UnlimitedHugs
https://github.com/HaploX1 - Haplo
https://github.com/DoctorVanGogh - Vinnie
https://github.com/kaptain-kavern - KapTaiN KaVerN
https://github.com/thirite - Thirite
https://github.com/XenEmpireAdmin - Xen
https://github.com/notfood - notfood
https://github.com/maarxx - maarxx
https://github.com/TorannD - Torann
https://github.com/rheirman - Roolo
https://github.com/Rikiki123456789 - Rikiki
https://github.com/KiameV - Kiame Vivacity